machine_learning_examples
=========================

A collection of machine learning examples and tutorials.

Find associated tutorials at https://lazyprogrammer.me

Find associated courses at https://deeplearningcourses.com

Please note that not all code from all courses will be found in this repository. Some newer code examples (e.g. everything from Tensorflow 2.0) were done in Google Colab. Therefore, you should check the instructions given in the lectures for the course you are taking.


Why you should not fork this repo
=================================

I've noticed that many people have out-of-date forks. Thus, I recommend not forking this repository if you take one of my courses. I am constantly updating my courses, and your fork will soon become out-of-date. You should clone the repository instead to make it easy to get updates (i.e. just "git pull" randomly and frequently).


Where is the code for your latest courses?
==========================================

Beginning with Tensorflow 2, I started to use Google Colab. For those courses, unless otherwise noted, the code will be on Google Colab. Links to the notebooks are provided in the course. See the lecture "Where to get the code" for further details.


VIP Course Links
===================

**Financial Engineering and Artificial Intelligence in Python** (special discount link for full VIP version as of Apr 2021)

*** Note: if this coupon becomes out of date, check my website (https://lazyprogrammer.me) for the latest version. I will probably just keep incrementing them numerically, e.g. FINANCEVIP2, FINANCEVIP3, etc..

https://www.udemy.com/course/ai-finance/?couponCode=FINANCEVIP7


**PyTorch: Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence** (special discount link for full VIP course as of Apr 2021)

*** Note: if this coupon becomes out of date, check my website (https://lazyprogrammer.me) for the latest version. I will probably just keep incrementing them numerically, e.g. PYTORCHVIP6, PYTORCHVIP7, etc..

https://www.udemy.com/course/pytorch-deep-learning/?couponCode=PYTORCHVIP12


**Tensorflow 2.0: Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence** (VIP Content Only)
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-tensorflow-2



Other Course Links
==================

Tensorflow 2.0: Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence
(Main Course - special discount link)
https://www.udemy.com/course/deep-learning-tensorflow-2/?referralCode=E10B72D3848AB70FE1B8

Cutting-Edge AI: Deep Reinforcement Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/cutting-edge-artificial-intelligence

Recommender Systems and Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/recommender-systems

Machine Learning and AI: Support Vector Machines in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/support-vector-machines-in-python

Deep Learning: Advanced Computer Vision
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/advanced-computer-vision

Deep Learning: Advanced NLP and RNNs
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-advanced-nlp

Deep Learning: GANs and Variational Autoencoders
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-gans-and-variational-autoencoders

Advanced AI: Deep Reinforcement Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-reinforcement-learning-in-python

Artificial Intelligence: Reinforcement Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/artificial-intelligence-reinforcement-learning-in-python

Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/natural-language-processing-with-deep-learning-in-python

Deep Learning: Recurrent Neural Networks in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-recurrent-neural-networks-in-python

Unsupervised Machine Learning: Hidden Markov Models in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/unsupervised-machine-learning-hidden-markov-models-in-python

Deep Learning Prerequisites: The Numpy Stack in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-prerequisites-the-numpy-stack-in-python

Deep Learning Prerequisites: Linear Regression in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-linear-regression-in-python

Deep Learning Prerequisites: Logistic Regression in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-logistic-regression-in-python

Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-deep-learning-in-python

Cluster Analysis and Unsupervised Machine Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/cluster-analysis-unsupervised-machine-learning-python

Data Science: Supervised Machine Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-supervised-machine-learning-in-python

Bayesian Machine Learning in Python: A/B Testing
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/bayesian-machine-learning-in-python-ab-testing

Easy Natural Language Processing in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-natural-language-processing-in-python

Practical Deep Learning in Theano and TensorFlow
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/data-science-deep-learning-in-theano-tensorflow

Ensemble Machine Learning in Python: Random Forest and AdaBoost
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/machine-learning-in-python-random-forest-adaboost

Deep Learning: Convolutional Neural Networks in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/deep-learning-convolutional-neural-networks-theano-tensorflow

Unsupervised Deep Learning in Python
https://deeplearningcourses.com/c/unsupervised-deep-learning-in-python
